I recently bought this charger kit from Amazon and I am quite happy with my purchase. The folding plug is nice for storage. The included 1850 mAh batteries last for a long time in my Nikon Coolpix 2100. One of the best features of the charger is that each battery is charged separately (as opposed to in pairs) so that each battery gets just the right amount of charge. The short 3 hour charge time is great as well. The batteries do not get overly warm while charging either.Overall, this is a good charger for a good price. If you have a high drain device, the Kodak K2000 should keep you playing for a long time.
The batteries are excellent (1850's), and the charger is super fast, and stops charging when done. I love that you just plug the unit right into the wall with no unruly cords. My Sony digital only takes 2 AA batteries, so with this charger, I always have two sets of spare batteries with me in my case. This charger even charges up my SONY AA batteries that came with the camera.Highly recommended!
I have had the charger for more than two years. It charges AA batteries just fine, but has a huge problem securing smaller AAA batteries. To charge the smaller batteries you need to flip down the little button at the positive end. In the beginning one of the four AAA batteries would pop up, and now three out of the four won't hold. The problem is the flip mechanism became loose, and any horizontal pressure would push the buttons back up. What I have to do now is using duct tape and a segment of crayon, apply the crayon on the buttons, and wrap the tape around. You know how painful that is.
I have used and recharged my batteries nearly 100 times already and it shows no sign of giving out. Perfect for remote controls or other battery hungry devices, but they work just like normal batteries as far as life span is concerned. I would recommend this product to anyone!
I bought one of these chargers..the instructions say the lights stay on while the battery charges...true. The instructions doNT say the lights turn off when its done. Which is also true. 24 hours of charging and the lights stay on. I returned it thinking I had a bad unit.The new one did the same thing. I just kept it since it does charge...but the lights are useless since they seem to always stay on. It's a backup charger for when I manage to drain all my AAs but I wouldn't want this as my only charger.
I read the reviews,made my purchase and was very disappointed. The charger is convenient by charging all four batteries at once but the charge only lasts a very short time. I now have to go and find batteries that will give me longer life than the kodak NiMH AA batteries.
My experience: I got this from FM, not Amazon. The DVD player rattled pretty loudly sometimes (but not always) when I put in a DVD. I tried several. The picture quality wasn't all that great and the screen got a horizontal line thru the middle after a short time that would not go away. Plus one of the other reviewers was dead on about the remote - the layout makes no sense at all! Very poor human engineering, IMO. I brought it back to the store for a refund. I saw the same model under the Emerson name for &lt;$400 at WM but was hesitant to buy it.
Nice form factor etc...but bad function. Product appears to charge my Powerbook G4 12 when it is off or asleep, but when working it cycles on and off and emits a faint buzzing sound from the brick. Try another product.
i am so happy
this is rediculous, this is so fucked up